Returning to Assisi, he traversed the city begging stones for the restoration of St. Damiano's.
Galen's work on animals led to some inaccuracies, most notably his anatomy of the uterus which largely resembled a dog's.
It is to Bernini that is due the lion's share of responsibility for the final and enduring aesthetic appearance and emotional impact of St. Peter's.
In 1629, Urban VIII put him in charge of all the ongoing architectural works at St Peter's.
The case was never prosecuted and no details survive about Chaumpaigne's service or how she came to leave Staundon's employ for Chaucer's.
Preserving the orthodoxy of the relationship between God and mathematics, although not in the same form as held by his critics, was long a concern of Cantor's.
Kasparov's attacking style of play has been compared by many to Alekhine's.
This screwed up x-ray is my hip's.
The proton's mass is only about 0.13% less than the neutron's.
An avalanche hit a house in The Battery section of St. John's.
The Shepherds established the province's first art school in a home in downtown St. John's.
Fine arts education programs were established at post-secondary institutions such as the Anna Templeton Centre in St. John's.
In 1969, Alan Siegel created the modern NBA logo inspired by the MLB's.
Other scholars have challenged and argued against some of the above works being Nagarjuna's.
Many people began to question whether the body mutilated at Tyburn and the head seen on Westminster Hall were Cromwell's.
Orcus has an orbit similar in inclination and eccentricity to Pluto's.
Although he has his own house, Obelix is occasionally shown staying overnight at Asterix's.
Fiji's sevens team is one of the most successful in the world, as is New Zealand's.
Mars's atmosphere is expansive and does not drop off in density with height as sharply as Earth's.
By the 19th century, Plato's reputation was restored, and at least on par with Aristotle's.
His tenure was more successful than Patterson's.
Germany began to pursue a policy of global prominence and began building a navy to compete with Britain's.
